my team has bought and set up five
secret spy cameras and they hidden in
this room I've got one minute to find
them let's go so I'm assuming there's a
whole load of decoy gadgets that aren't
actually recording this this is the
crazy thing about spy cameras though
they can actually be in anything
nowadays and you would not know I do see
a little circle right at the very top
this is a spy camera wait wait it's a
tiny little cut up here is that a lens
this is one of them that is absolutely
terrifying uh you hit a camera would
this actually ironically be the most
subtle way to hide a spy camera I'm
going to say no wa so I've got to find
three in not a lot of time what okay
wait something here that's a pen and
that is a lens I'm pretty sure thing is
it's not even bigger than a normal pen
to M toying what's this weird alarm
clock thingy got a whole load of little
bulbs at the bottom which I can only
assume are infrared is this one of them
yeah okay four out of five let's go I
can't find it I can't find it it go on
help
me that oh my God you would not even
think to question that but it goes to
show you really do never know when
you're being watched